>> Sarah Drasner: Color variables.
So a lot of people might not know
why you would use a color variable.
What's really nice about using
color variables is you keep
things consistent across your application.
For instance, I once worked at an unnamed
company who where we had a major
release for this giant sprawling design
over 4,000 pages were updated and
the night before the release they
decided to change the brand color and
because we have build the system
well I change it in one place.
And then proper get it to the entire
system, and I went home and drank wine.
That was a really good day.
That could have been a really bad day,
that could have been a catastrophic,
catastrophic day.
But if you use something this, and I'm not
just talking about like one brand color,
but if you.
Define all of your color variables in one
place and then use it throughout a system.
It can really save you a lot of time and
upkeep.
So you don't have to do it that way but
highly recommended especially if you're
working across a really large application.
There's also native CSS variables which
are now I think pretty well supported,
maybe not an IE, I can't remember.
But I think it's in Edge too now.
The nice thing about, people are like why
would I use this CSS variables if I could
just use Sass and things like that.
But the nice things about these
variables is, they're living.
They are alive.
You can actually work with
them in JavaScript, and
JavaScript will understand what it is
even if you define it somewhere else.
That's pretty nice,
when you're creating it in SAS or SCSS,
it's really compiling down and JavaScript
doesn't really have a concept of it.
So that's really a cool
thing between the two.
The nice thing about
things like SAS though
is that you can do color
mixing directly in SAS.
You could say take this color and
lighten it by 10% or whatever and
it will be able to do that which can be
really handy if you want to keep things
really consistent looking.
Let's say you want to make grays and
a bunch of different stops.
You can do that programmatically and
that's probably even better than you
messing around with some eye
dropper tool or something.
So here are some of those color variables
you can do, you can mix things,
you can adjust the hue,
you can lighten things, darken, saturate.
You definitely don't have to work with
color this way, but this is an option for
you if you wanna work with
color programmatically.